Questions for reflection.
=========================

1.  If you have used a programming languages before, other than
Java, say which language, and identify some significant differences
between it and Java.

Answer 1: I know python, the key diffrence between them is that python is
a much higher level language, for example rather than using && in a if statment
you just use the word 'and' same goes for or, you use 'or' insted of ||. Python 
uses white space to define where functions start and end, and to define where 
a new line starts as oposed to java that uses brackets and semi colons to define 
these things. In python variables arnt typed ( they are underneth but not to the programmer )
so you can assign a variable an int value and then also a string. 


2.  Which part of the two programs did you find the trickiest, and
why?

Answer 2: 

RobotCleaner: I thought the trickest part of this program was the challenge problem
to create a effecant stragie for cleaning a room of any size. My main problem with doing this was
that it was very diffcult to be able to tell where the robot was allowd to go, with a room that
is just a rectangle it wasnt diffcutlt at all though if you wanted to start making the rooms more complecated
then checking wether the robot was still in the room was diffcult, i think this would actually
be easier if we where dealing with an actual robot because then you would have sensors telling
you wether you can move.

DateChecker: The most diffcult part of this problem was the dealing with the julian
callender challenge problem because it was very hard to find any information on the missing
days, and when you where able to find some there was another source with conflicting info,
eventually i settled with the information from dateandtime.com because it seemed like a
reliable source. Allthough it turned out to be a small bug in my program not that the information
i was finding wasnt creadible, this was still however the hardest part. 


3. Identify all the editing and debugging tools in BlueJ that you have
found that you think will be helpful while programming and debugging.
Are there any tools that you have used in other languages that you
wish you had in BlueJ? Why?

Answer 3: Being able to step through your code and examin the variables
is a very useful tool which helped me solve a number of simple bugs
that otherwise would of been tricky to find. I am use to using Eclipse and 
there debugger has the ability to look at the variables inside a class variable
which is something you cant do with BlueJ


4. List a brief summary of the key Java programming constructs (eg if
statements, while loops, method headers...) that you have used so far.

Answer 4:

If Statments: Allow you to check a condition( or conditions ) and execute a code block if the
condition is true, if you want to check mulitple conditions you can add else if statments
below the first if statment and finally at the end you can add an else statment 
which is like a default condition that is executed if no other condition
is true.

Switch And Case: Useful if you want to check to see if a variable is equal to
a bunch of diffrent values. You could achive the same with if and else if statments
but switch and case looks much nicer.

While Loop: Will repeat executing the code block contained inside the loop untill a defined
condition evalulates to false, you can execute out of a loop early with a break statment but
that is consided to be bad programming, also a continue satatment will return you to the top of the 
loop

For Loop: A for loop is similar to the while loop in the sense that it will repeat untill a condtion
evalulates to false, but for loops are better if you know how many itterations you are going to need
for example looking at all the elements in an array.

Method Headers: Method headers are where you define various things about a function, like its return type, 
name and parameters that you pass to it. a function must always have a return type, if you dont want to return
anything set it to void. There is how ever an exception to this, if you are defining a class constructor it wont
have a return type and its name will be the same as the class.



5. Identify any important concepts about programming or Computer
Science in general that you have learned so far in the course.

Answer 5: We have covered two important concepts in class, these are objects and encapsulation of variables, we touched on
inherentance ( but we havent really gone over it ), and we learnt about method overloading.





