COMP112 Assignment 6:  Reflection.


Briefly list the features that you implemented in your Chat Client.

Chat Window: A new window will open for each channel or private chat, from within these windows you can
send commands by adding a '/' to the front of what you are sending. If the window is for a channel then there is
a list of the users that are connected on the side of the window, with three buttons below, 'privmsg', 'whois', 'kick',
you can select a user from the list and click one of the buttons to execute it on them. If you get kicked from a channel then 
a popup will appear and display the message. If you close and re join a channel all the previous messages will be there but there
will be a cupple of lines displaying where you left and where you joined again. There is also auto compleat for names, pressing the tab key will
auto compleat what you are typing with a name, if there is a name that can be mached to it

Server Window: The main window is for comuinication with the server ( though you can send prviate messages from there ), you can send commands
from here without the '/' also most replies from the server come here. Also this is where notices will show up. This also has list that contains all the diffrent
channels on the current server, you can select one and easily join one by clicking the join button, this list updates every 15 seconds.

Error Handling: The program will catch errors, when you try connect with an exsising username, when you try connect with a username with 
bad charactors in it, if you try run a command you arnt allowed to run it will tell you, and so on.

Toolbar: The toolbar gives you access to many diffrent seever commands like changing your nickname, changing your name, the help command, the info command
and so on.
-------

Describe how you tested your program, and discuss how much confidence you have
that your testing shows that the program works correctly. 

I tested my program by thinking of cases where i thought there might be a problem, quite alot of these cases scuseeded in making my program crash. And
i would run these tests again when i added something reasonabley big into my program. I am quite confident that this testing found most of the bugs
but i am sure that there will still be some that i have missed.

Some things that i tested where, entering invalud usernames ( ie bad charactors and exsisting ones ) and i checked to make sure that the error messages got 
displayed correctly.

I also made sure that entering an invlaid IRC Server wouldent crash and cause the program to throw an error. i did this by entering random charactors into the input
boxes and i did that a cupple of tiems, i also tried entering something that looked like a valid server but was wasnt.